docs: clarify that pip search uses XML-RPC search API (#14023)
pypa/pip: docs/html/user_guide.rst

Searching for Packages
======================

pip can search remote indexes that provide an XML-RPC search API (such as

> Artifactory) for packages using the ``pip search`` command:

Reviewer: We don't really need to mention a specific commercial package index, and nothing else.

```suggestion
pip can search remote indexes that provide an XML-RPC search API for
packages using the ``pip search`` command:
```

Reviewer 2: The comment doesn't seem to have been resolved, you've just marked it as resolved but done nothing...
